Every time a church bell rings, Mr. T pities a fool. 
When Mr. T folds his arms, the U.S. Terror Alert Level is raised to gold. Mr T's chains are not made of gold, they are actually made of curium, one of the heaviest elements in existence. 
They were put there by the CIA to slow him down, and you're lucky they do, fool. 
The last man who made eye contact with Mr. T was Ray Charles. 
Mr. T invented fools. 
Realizing the magnitude of his folly, he then created Pity. Mr. T is so scary that his hair is actually afraid to grow. 
The only reason he has a mohawk is because it's in his blind spot. 
Mr. T invented the X-Ray, the G-String, the R-Rating and Jay-Z after a late-night drunken bender caused him to momentarily forget which letter he was. 
World champion eater Takeru Kobayashi once ate 53.5 hot dogs in 12 minutes. 
Allotted the same time, Mr. T ate Kobayashi. 
Google doesn't allow you to search for Mr. T because it knows you don't find Mr. T, he finds you. 
Mr. T and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants. 
Mr. T is not actually black, but his thousands of gold chains create a gravity well so strong not even light can escape. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger is not Austrian, and is real name is Edgar Marcus, he received an accent after being the first fool pitied by Mr. T. Mr. T speaks only when necessary. 
Children are afraid of the dark. Dark is afraid of Mr. T. 
The last person who touched Mr. T's gold chains was Helen Keller.
Mr. T invented the I.Q. testing system so he could more accurately pity fools. 
Mr. T plays ping pong with a medicine ball. 
There is no sun, just Mr T's gold chains.
Mr. T singlehandedly canceled "Friends" by frowning one time. 
Mr. T has such a strong understanding of the English language that he can use the word "pity" as a preposition, adverb and a conjunction in a single sentence. 
Mr. T doesn't lift weights because it infers that he has limits to his strength. 
In 1982 while working as a bouncer Mr. T invented a move so perilous that it is still spoken of with great admiration... that move is forever known as T Bagging. 
Mr T. and Chuck Norris decided to spar, they travelled to the only safe place in the Universe, the beginning of time. They bowed to each other and Chuck launched in with a roundhouse kick. Mr. T blocked it, and the resulting pressure wave is commonly called the Big Bang. 
Mr.T once punched Chuck Norris at the exact moment he roundhouse kicked Mr.T in the chest. the result was the 80's. 
Human females have two X chromosomes. Males have an X and a Y. Mr. T has three Ys and a T. He's more man than you'll ever be. 
5 out of 5 doctors recommend not pissing off Mr. T. 
Mr T once appeared as a background extra in a film and won Best Actor award. 
Mr. T scared the black out of Michael Jackson. 
Mr. T was fired from the Psychic Friends Network for always predicting pain. 
Mr. T beat a wall at tennis. A fucking WALL.
Mr. T got all his gold chains during a wild night of flashing his man boobs at Mardi Gras in 1992. 
When Mr. T sleeps, he stores his gold chains in a special closet built for this purpose. We know this place as "Fort Knox". 
When creating the alphabet, Mr. T placed the letters M, R, and T in seperate areas so people could learn to read and spell without fear. 
Mr. T once ate four 72 oz. steaks in 12 minutes. He spent the first 5 minutes laughing at the fact it takes Chuck Norris fifteen minutes to eat three. 
Mr. T once captured Bigfoot, but released him after he shaved the beast and realized that it was just Chuck Norris walking around naked in the woods. 
When Mr. T received his star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame, he made his hand prints after the cement was dry. 
On the A-team, Face , Haniabal, and Murdoch were all masters of disguise. Mr T didn't have to wear a disguise. The bad guys didn't recognize him out of fear. 
Gravity dosen't exist. Mr. T just pities everything to stay down. Birds and planes are exempt beacuse they are shaped like Ts.
Mr. T once fell in a pool of lava.  He nearly drowned
Mr. T was recently the only survivor in a huge car crash including a 18 wheeler and 4 Hummers.  Mr. T was walking at the time
Mr. T was born with the right to party, whereas most of us are forced to fight for it
Every time a church bell rings, Mr. T pities a fool. 
Mr. T speaks only when necessary. His main form of communication is folding his arms and slowly shaking his head. And regardless of the situation, he is always understood. 
Mr. T pities fools because even fools deserves their daily dose of vitamin T. 
Mr. T and Chuck Norris once encountered each other on a lonesome British path. Before the inevitable battle could begin, the earth shit itself and created Scotland. 
23. That's the number of people Mr. T has pitied in the time it has taken you to read this sentence. 
Mr. T. does not break wind. He destroys it. 
Mr. T is allergic to doorknobs. That's why he can only kick through doors. 
Mr. T's pity for fools is used by mathematicians as a demonstration of the concept of infinity. 
Mr. T once shook hands with Chuck Norris, or so it appeared, in actuality, their combined power caused an earthquake, which gave their hands a look of shaking to any onlookers, who were probably too scared to accurately testify anyway. 
There are only four horsemen of the apocalypse, because Mr. T is going to walk. 
Mr. T's edition of the VH1 show 'Where Are They Now' was the shortest in the show's history. It was 10 seconds long, and consisted of a black screen with the words "Right Behind You" written on it. 
Behind every great man, there is a great woman. Behind that woman is Mr. T. 
Yoda had two sons. To one he taught pity, to the other he gave the gift of the beard. 
Mr. T once bit off more than he could chew. He ate it anyway. 
Mr. T once pitied the sun. An ice age followed. 
Despite popular belief, if there is a fool in the woods, and nobody is around to hear his jibba jabba, Mr. T is still able to pity him. 
It took five women 2 years to give birth to Mr. T. 
All of the gold in Fort Knox is fake. The U.S.'s actual treasury is chains worn by Mr. T around his neck. 
Mr. T made his van go twice the speed of light because he wanted to prove that quantum physics was a bunch of jibba jabba. 
Chuck Norris once challenged Vin Diesel to an arm wrestling match. Mr. T won. 
Mr. T's mother did not break water, she broke molten gold which, upon being born, Mr. T formed into his first gold chain. 
Mr. T once owned a beauty parlor called "I Pretty the Fool". No matter what anyone asked for, they always receieved mohawks and a heavy dose of pity. 
Mr. T never actually learned to drive, roads simply move to be where he is. A road once failed to move prompting Mr. T to pity it until it became the Grand Canyon. 
There was a time when Mr. T didn't pity fools. That time was called never. 
Mr. T is on the Dow Jones stock index. Better known as "Gold". Today he was up 3 points. 
Mr. T pities the fools who don't eat his cereal, as it is the only known source of Vitamin T. 
Mr. T cannot be killed by conventional means. The only known method to destroy him is prolonged exposure to jibba-jabba. 
Mr. T once won the Olympics. All of them.
When Dr. Bruce Banner gets angry, he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets angry, he turns into Mr. T. 
Mr. T can count past infinity.
When Mr. T puts on his dancing shoes, you better f-ing run.
Mr. T's GMC van does not travel on solid surfaces, but instead mathematical planes. In other words, it can go wherever the hell Mr. T wants.
emember, only you can prevent forest fires. But also remember that you can't do shit, because Mr. T is the one who starts them, and no one can stop that crazy fool. 
The vegetarian group PETA one time tried to establish the catchprase "We PETA the fool who eats animals." Upon learning of this blatant theft of his catch phrase, Mr. T founded McDonalds. 
Mr. T once got into a fight with a ninja. He killed the ninja, but only after the ninja had cut off two of his fingers. Those fingers grew up to be Gary Coleman and Webster. 
If you were ever foolish enough to get into a fight with Mr. T, there would only be two hits: Mr. T hitting you, and you hitting the surface of the Sun. 
When Mr. T has nightmares, people around him start dying for no reason. 
Mr. T holds the copyright on the letter "T." Every time the letter appears in print, Mr. T receives a check in the mail for $13.50 
Mr. T was once clocked at 100 fps. That's 100 fools pitied a second. 
Mr. T was the first man on the moon, and claimed it by carving a gigantic "T" stretching from horizon to horizon. In his wisdom, he carved it on the dark side, as a warning to any aliens who might even think of attacking. 
When Mr. T does his laundry, Snuggles the fabric softening bear jumps off the label on the bottle and hides in fear of being pitied.
Mr. T invented the X-Ray, the G-String, the R-Rating and Jay-Z after a late-night drunken bender caused him to momentarily forget which letter he was. 
Mr. T once had so many fools to pitty that he didn't know what to do with them all. So he created Chuck Norris, from one of his ribs and a pound of gold, to roundhouse kick the surplus of fools in the face.
They’ve done studies, you know. Sixty precent of the time, Mr. T pities you all the time. 
April 1st became known as “April Fool’s Day” only after Mr. T decided it would be easier to pity a whole bunch of fools on a set date rather than pitying a few fools each day. 
The Hummer can scale a 60 degree incline. Mr. T’s 1982 GMC van can do 115 degrees. 
According to Mr T only two languages exist: English and Jibba Jabba. 
The only reason Mr. T is not Dr. T is because his thesis, entitled “Fools and Those Who Pity Them”, only had a photo of Mr. T with his arms crossed. After the faculty questioned this, they were found dead with their testicles in their eye sockets, even the women. His thesis is still yet to be marked. 
If you could calculate the amount of pity generated by Mr. T every second, you could make infinity feel ashamed of being ridiculously small. 
Mr. T can tear glass. Phonebooks are for fools. 
Mr. T puts the ‘T’ in pity. Without the ‘T’ it would just be piy - and that’s just plain silly.
